
=head1 NAME

 kdocker

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<kdocker> [I<options>]I<>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

 KDocker is a program that will dock most applications to the system tray

 Kdocker can dock a window in a few different ways

 1. By specifying an application to launch (app argument)
 2. Specifying a regular expression to find a window based on its title (-n)
 3. Specifying a window id (-w)
 4. Specifying a pid (-x)
 5. Not specifying any of the above. KDocker will have you select the window to dock. Negated by the -z option

 The -n option is compatible with application launching. Useful if the application spawns another process (E.g. a launcher)

 A DBus interface is exposed at com.kdocker.KDocker which can be used to dock and interact with docked windows.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-b, --blind> 

 Suppress the warning dialog when docking non-normal windows (blind mode)

=item B<-d, --timeout> I<secs>

 Maximum time in seconds to allow for a command to start and open a window
 [default: 5 seconds]

=item B<-f, --dock-focused>

 Dock the window that has focus (active window)

=item B<-h, --help>

 Display this help, then exit

=item B<-i, --icon> I<file>

 Custom icon path

=item B<-I, --attention-icon> I<file>

 Custom attention icon path. This icon is set if the title
 of the application window changes while it is iconified.

=item B<-l, --iconify-focus-lost>

 Iconify when focus lost

=item B<-m>

 Don't iconfiy when minimized

=item B<-n, --search-pattern> I<pattern>

 Match window based on its name (title) using PCRE compatible regular expression

=item B<-o, --iconify-obscured>

 Iconify when obscured by other windows

=item B<-p, --notify-time> I<secs>

 By default, when the title of the application changes,
 a popup is displayed from the system tray for 4 seconds
 Works well with music players

=item B<-q, --quiet>

 Disable ballooning title changes (quiet)

=item B<-r, --skip-pager>

 Remove this application from the pager

=item B<-s, --sticky>

 Make the window sticky (appears on all desktops)

=item B<-t, --skip-taskbar>

 Remove this application from the taskbar

=item B<-v, --version>

 Show the KDocker version string, then exit

=item B<-w, --window-id> I<wid>

 Window id of the application to dock

=item B<-x, --pid> I<pid>

 Process id of the application to dock

=item B<-z, --daemon>

 Run in the background and don't exit if no
 windows are docked. Used to start KDocker as as
 service for control via another instance of
 the application or by DBus.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

 John Schember

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Bugs and wishes to the L<KDocker Home Page|https://github.com/user-none/KDocker>
